[DOC] Add initial Kafka Node Pool documentation (#8615)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/ref-operator-cluster-feature-gates.adoc

In addition, it can also have its own configuration of resource requests and limits, Java JVM options, the resource templates.
Configuration options not set in the `KafkaNodePool` resource are inherited from the `Kafka` custom resource.
When used with the `UseKRaft` feature gate, the `KafkaNodePool` resource can also define whether the nodes in the pool have the controller role, broker role or both of them.

The `KafkaNodePool` resources use a `strimzi.io/cluster` label to indicate to which Kafka cluster they belong.
The label should be set to the name of the `Kafka` custom resource.

Examples of the `KafkaNodePool` resources can be found in the Strimzi examples directory.

.Enabling the KafkaNodePools feature gate

To enable the `KafkaNodePools` feature gate, specify `+KafkaNodePools` in the `STRIMZI_FEATURE_GATES` environment variable in the Cluster Operator configuration.
The `Kafka` custom resource using the node pools should also have the annotation `strimzi.io/node-pools: enabled`.

.Migrating existing Kafka clusters

Existing Kafka clusters can be migrated to use `KafkaNodePools` in following steps:

> 1. Create a new `KafkaNodePool` resource named `kafka` with the `strimzi.io/cluster` label pointing to your existing `Kafka` resource.
>    The `KafkaNodePool` custom resource should have the same number of replicas and the same storage configuration as your existing Kafka cluster.
> 2. Enable the `KafkaNodePools` feature gate and annotate the `Kafka` custom resource with the `strimzi.io/node-pools: enabled` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a new `KafkaNodePool` resource:
.. Name the resource `kafka` and label it with `strimzi.io/cluster`, pointing to your existing `Kafka` resource.
.. Set the replica count and storage configuration in the `KafkaNodePool` resource to match your current Kafka cluster.

. Enable the `KafkaNodePools` feature gate:
.. Update the `STRIMZI_FEATURE_GATES` environment variable in the Cluster Operator configuration to include `+KafkaNodePools`.
.. Add the `strimzi.io/node-pools: enabled` annotation to your existing `Kafka` custom resource.
```
